siral bla asks where did you learn about
technology and how do I get started I'd
say the most important thing is to read
read read read watch watch watch consume
as much content as you possibly can some
of it's going to be really great and
well articulated some of it's going to
be kind of hard to understand some of
it's going to be right some of it's
going to be mostly right some of it's
going to be outright wrong the more you
consume and the more sources you can
find the more you'll be able to learn
who to trust especially if you take that
knowledge and you try to app it in your
daily life doesn't have to be on the
highest End Hardware I spent most of my
learning years working on crappy stuff
that it didn't matter if I broke but
that context that you build from all of
that content consumption and that
reinforcement from doing it yourself is
going to give you the troubleshooting
skills that you need to tackle pretty
much any challenge